docs: rewrite performance docs (#1082)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/development/performance.md

CMD npm start --silent
```

We first copy the `package.json`, `package-lock.json` files , and install the dependencies before copying the rest of the source code. This way, we can take advantage of Docker's caching mechanism and only install the dependencies when the `package.json` or `package-lock.json` files change, making the build process much faster.

:::tip Further optimization tips

- We recommend using as few layers as possible in your Docker images. This helps to reduce overall image sizes and improve build times.

> - Use the [dive](https://github.com/wagoodman/dive) CLI tool to analyze the layers of a built Docker image. This toll provides insights into the composition of each layer, allowing you to understand and minimize their numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the [dive](https://github.com/wagoodman/dive) CLI tool to analyze the layers of a built Docker image. This tool provides insights into the composition of each layer, allowing you to understand what was added and helps you find ways to minimize their size.
```

:::

### Use standardized images to accelerate Actor startup times

> Using on of [Apify's standardized images](https://github.com/apify/apify-actor-docker), can accelrate the Actor startup time. These images are cached on each worker machine, so only the layers you added in your Actor's [Dockerfile](./actor_definition/docker.md) need to be pulled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using one of [Apify's standardized images](https://github.com/apify/apify-actor-docker), can accelerate the Actor startup time. These images are cached on each worker machine, so only the layers you added in your Actor's [Dockerfile](./actor_definition/docker.md) need to be pulled.
```
